As for previous challenge I want to split month on separate parts based on theirs themes and what I have been learning.
From the beginning I can said that this challenge was not so successfull as previous one, had more delays and gaps but was mainly focused on development of an Angular app and its architecture.

Test Driven Development in Angular

I was impressed of TDD approach by lectures in university and wanted to try it in Angular and had already as I thought suitable course.
I took few lessons but I fast realized that course is out of date and author do not expaling things well and I have to figure out how to properly update syntax to fix tests.
I can only remember that we were creating components and checked if some components were rendered, for services we checked if methods were called with parameters, compared returned values.
For comparison I was searching good courses about testing in Angular but found only middle by quality courses, main that I learned that writing Component tests is useless and I decided wrong course.

Architecture in Angular

It is a really large topic, there was done much work in that project, I was trying to use latest syntax of an Angular except Typed Forms.

As that project is not finished I will not add detailed explenation what I did during that course but in a few words:
Was created an Angular application with SCAM (Singular Component Angular Module) architecture using Firebase, NGRX and RXJS, library of custom shared componets 
that implements ControlValueAccessor and behave like FormControls and support all of that features, using 7 - 1 styles architecture and valid approach for customizing Angular Material Components.
I was working with Files Uploading and Stepper Component, moreover I implemented them by following author instructions, understood how important is make general controls with types and how
can easily it can be to build complex forms using them, how to type backend and frontend models and define general architecture/interaction of an app, before starting writing features


Finish Learning part of CSS Demystified

It were final lectures that told me about last three levels of BLOOM'S TAXONOMY. I understood that I should do notes of everything that I think, learn, discover and do it by my own words,
expirement with different approaches, properties when practicing something. Figure out how important to teach other people about what you have learned and know, because it can show your 
real level of knowledge and what is more important your understanding of specific theme. I should start write some articles about what I have learned, what problems I encountered and how fixed them,
help another people to solve their problems in Angular on different forums in Telegram chats. Importance of thinking in advance when projecting layouts and creation of CodePen also were touched.
In general course was very usefull, I liked that author as a teacher he is really good.

JS strings

It were one lesson for Strings methods, some of them were really new, such as padStart, trimStart, search and others. I can say that I hardly remember specificity of their work with different
paramaters, but I sure that I can name their purpose. Why I cannot do it, because I did not do practical exercises for that methods and didn't use them once since last 3 weeks, but I can repeat 
their usage as I took some screenshots of their work with different parameters and can do some practice as well

English Interview preparation

As I want to find a new job integral part of my journey will be interviews in English, so I decided to prepare for it. From that course I learned some vocabulary and phrases that you will hear and 
can use on interviews, understood that you should be genuine, yourself, do not memorize, be memorable, polite, properly dressed, prepared, do not answer questions that you dont undestand, how 
to show your strengs and weaknesses, self introduction and so on.

Conclusion:

It is hard to evaluate real cost of that monthly challenge, I'll be honest with myself, last two weeks I was working with very abstract tasks almost not related with UI and abstractic in their 
description, so I hadn't a posibility to use learned approached in work project, as about interviews I didn't have any interview for these two months that calls into question, does I really want
to change job, or I just pretending? I think all cards will be opened when I will have my first interview as JavaScript Angular Developer after almost 2 years of programming with Typescript and
Angular and partly on Java. Because of delays and skips some days, progress is not obvious as it can be(

I think that there will not be following course in a such formal way as it was before, I do not always have enough time and I have to divide more time for learning at University, English learning,
but I can say following: 

Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful (Joshua J. Marine)
